a expressing solidarity with Gaza is
taking place in Islamabad it follows one
that took place in the city just 48
hours ago the latest protest has been
organized by groups including human
rights activists and a journalists Union
Senator mahid Hussein SED also helped to
organize the protest and he says the
support of other nations is key to
solving the
issue an international delegation of
leaders led by President ardogan shall
we say because he's a gutsy guy and
maybe the president of Pakistan or
Indonesia or Nigeria and other countries
and Anwar ibraim they should have an
international delegation and focus on
ending the
occupation and ensuring the
establishment of a Palestine state with
Jerusalem at its capital the time has
come now Kamal Haider at that rally in
Islamabad Kamal the second rally in 48
hours what's happening with this
protest
well this particular protest has just
concluded it had hundreds of people uh
from the uh the social activists human
rights activists Pakistan Federal Union
of journalists the senator MH Hussein
all were here as you can see some of the
banners uh from Kashmir to Palestine and
the
occupation uh people have now gathered
around uh the senator most of them have
already dispersed it just concluded uh a
few minutes ago uh but it is important
to note that across Pakistan there' have
been rallies uh religious parties are
taking active part in this it is
building momentum there are going to be
more rallies because the people in
Pakistan are appalled by what they are
seeing on their television screens the
genocide that is unfolding in Gaza and
the occupied West Bank now as you can
see there are some women uh there were
children here as well a few hundred
people not a very large rally but across
Pakistan there is overwhelming support
when it comes to the people for
Palestine and of course some criticism
of the way the Islamic world's leader
have been unable to do anything except
condemnation so indeed we're going to
see more of these in the coming days
there is a promise from across the
country that there will be bigger
protests we have already seen some
really large ones and so it'll be
important to see whether these protests
are going to achieve anything at all
Kamal haer in Islam R Cal thank you very
much